=pod

=head1 NAME

cronkite-cli - aurjson helper utility

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<cronkite-cli> [I<OPTIONS>] [I<OPTION-ARGUMENTS>]


=head1 DESCRIPTION

The L<cronkite-cli(1)> command is a helper utility, for those writing AUR
command line utilities. The goal is to ease the usage of the aurjson interface,
by providing a pre-parsed output for more friendly grep'ing and sed'ing.

cronkite-cli is powered by libcronkite. See libcronkite(3) for more details.


=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<-msearch> C<MAINTAINER-NAME>

Search for a package by 'MAINTAINER-NAME'.

=item B<-search> C<SEARCH-TERM>

Search for a package by 'SEARCH-TERM'.

=item B<-info> C<PKG-NAME>

Get info for a package named 'PKG-NAME'.

=item B<-version>

Show version and exit.

=item B<-help>

Show simple help and exit.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

The following environment variables affect the execution of L<cronkite-cli(1)>:

=over

=item I<CRONKITE_DELIMITER>

Specifies the delimiter/separator between the elements in the L<OUTPUT FORMAT>.
Defaults to `\t` if not set.  

=item I<CRONKITE_AURURL>

Specifies the destination url for queries. If not provided, the default AURURL is used.

=back

=head1 OUTPUT FORMAT

Each result in the output is emitted as a L</CRONKITE_DELIMITER> separated list,
containing the following aurjson result elements, in this order:

    Name
    ID
    Version
    CategoryID
    Description
    URL
    URLPath
    License
    NumVotes
    OutOfDate


=head1 EXIT STATUS

=over

=item B<0>

Success

=item B<1>

Failure

=item B<2>

No results found, or results unparsable.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Bugs!? No way! :P


=head1 AUTHOR

cactus <elij.mx@gmail.com>


=head1 RESOURCES

Github: <http://github.com/cactus/cronkite>


=head1 COPYING

Free use of this software is granted under the terms of the MIT (X11) License.
See LICENSE file for more information.

=cut
